Naturally, starting with initial data on past null infinity, and then there's some final data for my out state at future null infinity. And so I can think about how to like expand my metric or look at the data of the metric near those boundaries. And so, what matters for me right now for the rest of this talk is essentially I'll be holding U fixed and taking large R in some of my expressions. So, if you were just thinking about your Newtonian gravity, you already expect the metric isn't going to be flat anymore once you add some matter. So, for asymptotically flat space times, I'm going to be using the boundaries I mentioned before and performing a large R expansion near null infinity. I do that, I follow Bondi, Vanderberg, Metzer, and Sachs, and I pick a nice gauge. So, I try to do my gauge fixing near this boundary and organize it in a radial expansion. I have fluctuations in the metric that are subleading compared to the round sphere metric, which capture radiative data. And I have other integration constants that appear, which the Einstein's equations will relate. So, there's some constraint equations that say how the U evolution of, say, the bonding mass aspect or the angular momentum aspect are constrained based on matter fluxing through or the fact that this zero modes of the radiative data. So, basically, when I pick a nice gauge choice, I have some way to organize the components of my metric and have some sort of like physical interpretation of them, like within this gauge fixing. And I can then have my gauge fixing gives me this one over R falloffs for these different guys. And I want to see what is my essence, what is the set of symmetries, like diffeomorphisms I can do that act non-trivially at the boundary. So, I write down, say, a class of diffeomorphisms that preserve the one over R expansion of my metric in my gauge fixing. And when I do that, I find that there are these non-trivial guys in the sense of the following. So, I can always do diffeomorphisms of my space-time, but if I think of my future null infinity as my Cauchy slice for my out state, then if I have something that's acting non-trivially on the data that I'm using to define the state, I need to be careful because they're basically of the non-zero canonical charge, they're transforming my out state. So, these guys that I happen to write down here, which like just as a test, like yes, they preserve the fall-offs that are in this gauge, are going to be part of this asymptotic symmetry group, which is, yes, it's a diffeomorphism, it preserves a fall-off, but it doesn't fall off fast enough to act trivially on the data that I'm using to define my out state. So, these guys are going to be interesting to us. Basically, what's happening is that you have what one could try to do is one could say, okay, in Minkowski space, I have my flat metric, I can do isometries of the metric. Once I've added matter in, especially, say I start adding a point mass, or I add like other configurations, I'm going to lose isometries, but at some point, I have this enriched class of asymptotic symmetries, and that's what we're basically pointing out. So, in this vector field, the Y's have an arbitrary dependence on Z. The F's have an arbitrary dependence on Z and Z bar. So, this is much larger than Poincaré. So, we can give them names. We see that if we consider our symmetries to be this asymptotic symmetry group, so it acts non-trivially at the data that I'm using to define my out state, similarly with the in-state. I can't reduce myself to Poincaré, and I end up with the symmetry enhancement of Poincaré. So, for the super translations, essentially, for each direction on the night sky, I guess night sky you're looking at, you're looking at the past null infinity, you can translate the generators of null infinity. So, you can do it at independent, like new translation for each point, Z and Z bar. And similarly, I can do local conformal transformations, which are promoting my global Lorentz transformations to ones where if I pick different patches of the night sky, I can basically boost and rotate them independently. So, what's going to be fun about this is that the IR dynamics of gravity are basically governed by the spontaneous breaking of these asymptotic symmetries, because only like some subset, like the Poincaré group that you're used to, will actually preserve, say, the vacuum configuration. If you said, I'm in Minkowski space, but now you have a whole class of vacua labeled by the super translated versions of these guys. Okay, so there are now two IR modes to be wary of. And in some sense, this is like there's a nice connection between maybe what you might take for granted as something you'd want to remove from your theory versus adding them back in. So, we have on the one hand, the fact that I said that we have these symmetries. We have these goldstone modes. I can do a super translation of my vacuum. And like, that's a gauge transformation in some sense. But what's fun about it, and the part of the reason why I can't eliminate it, is that if I look at, say, early U versus late U, they will differ by basically a vacuum to vacuum transition in some sense. So, along null infinity, when you have anything passing through, so you have a gravitational, say, inspiraling binary system, and it's losing energy and it's losing angular momentum, and it's spewing off these gravitational waves. You're going to see when those waves hit your detector, there's some amount of energy flux. And those energy, that energy flux is going to induce a shift of the metric in the same way as you would just have if you had done a symmetry transformation. So, what happens is basically you have the same F of Z and Z bar, but now that's the difference between the early and late guys. So, you have this dynamical shift, which is another zero mode in some sense, because it's literally like a step function. It's a very low energy change. And its symplectic partner is the Goldstone mode, which is the symmetry mode. So, what I want to point out from this is not only do you have then this interesting phase space where they're symplectically paired, and you can't really remove the symmetry without removing the memory, which is something you can go out and observe. Memory effects also become a way for you to experimentally test your proposed asymptotic symmetry group. So, you could play the devil's advocate, or I guess it's not the devil's advocate, the one where you say, like, I guess being a Debbie Downer or something like that, you'd be like, oh, well, you're not really in asymptotically flat space times. We know there's a cosmological constant. Why are you doing this? Okay, well, if I say in this region of space-time, which includes me as my like LIGO detector or LISA and this inspiraling binary system, for some approximation of that, I would like to think that I can do physics as if it were like lambda equals zero. So I can go out and I can say, well, can I see this or somehow infer this memory mode? If yes, then I would say that then the asymptotic symmetry associated to its symplectic partner is a physical asymptotic symmetry that you want to deal with for that description. So it's, and the thing is, is this becomes relevant when it comes to other proposals. So the leading super translations and their memory effect was something studied a while back, but I'm going to present for the rest of this talk focus on an example which is a bit newer. It's going to be important. So on the one hand, I propose that there is this way to experimentally test your asymptotic symmetry group proposal. But I also want to say that you can go out and see, does my quantum S matrix actually obey the symmetry? And the way that one would do that would be to translate all of these questions into momentum space. So I hand you an S matrix and I say, go and tell me, is this, is a ward identity for the symmetry obeyed. It turns out, and this was a wonderful insight by Strominger, that you can show that the ward identity being obeyed is the same thing as a soft theorem in quantum field theory. And those were known independently. So what happens now is you have this triangle of relations. You have these asymptotic symmetries you'd want to study. You have their symplectic partners, which are memories you can go out and measure. And you have the way to show that there's a symmetry via the S matrix and certain low energy behavior, which is the soft theorem. And this pattern of connections is very universal. So as much as I've, when I've been vague, I've also been appreciating the fact that you could tell me, do I care about super translations? Do I care about super rotations? Do I care about large U1 gauge transformations, et cetera? I can basically repeat this story for each of the different cases. And so the paradigm here, right, is that you have some sort of fall-offs for your fields. You see what transformations, whether it's a gauge transformation or a diffeomorphism, you might want to allow. And if that is a symmetry, there should be a soft theorem telling you that it's obeyed by the S matrix. And there should be a conjugate memory mode that can go out and measure and test if it's relevant. So that paradigm is interesting. And the point is that it's a template to look for new physics. So now I'm going to focus on an example where each of the iterations were very much like new in the sense that the work of Bonnie Vandermetzer and Sachs is from the 60s. Weinberg was studying leading soft theorems also in the 60s. There's a lot of old physics that was recently connected, which is lovely. But then you can use this framework to find new things. So let's see. First thing to point out is the soft theorem. And this was something that Freddie at PI and Andy noticed, which is that the sub-leading soft theorem that Weinberg had found for gravity, if I add an extra very low energy graviton, actually sends the subleading order. So you don't only have, say, say Q's here, scale like energy omega. I not only have a Weinberg pole for the leading guy, I also have an order one piece, which is universal. So the statement of the soft theorem is just that if I have my amplitude and I have an extra very low energy graviton, so that will change my out state by adding an extra graviton. This guy is going to be proportional to, where proportional means like some linear operator here acting on an amplitude without this extra guy. So that's a relation that you're just going from perturbative quantum gravity and proving in your S matrix. So you can do that by these Feynman diagrammatics that I'm showing here and show that indeed the soft theorem holds. So on its own, that's neat. There's an extra soft theorem. And that's what Freddie and Andy pointed out. Now, once you have that soft theorem, you can follow the triangle and show that there should be a word identity for an asymptotic symmetry. So I wrote down a super rotation vector field, and I can go out and compute its canonical charge. And if I write its charge instead of as being a two-sphere value, so normally it's codimension two, it would be defined at spatial infinity. I can write it as a flux along future null infinity. And when I do that, it splits into two parts. One part is linear in the gravitational field, and the other part is basically quadratic in the gravitational field and then proportional to matter stress tensor terms. And if I do that splitting, if I insert this guy into an S matrix element, I can evaluate the first guy via the soft theorem that I mentioned before. And you can see this as follows. The gravitational metric mode is going to be linear again in like the A's and A daggers for inserting a graviton. And you can just work out that because you've taken the large R limit, there's essentially a saddle point approximation that says that if I send radiation out to some direction, that plane wave will basically localize to a point in the celestial sphere corresponding to the direction that that observer is in compared to me. So you have this saddle point approximation, the large R limit gives you that. And then the AU integral that appears here, because I've taken my codimension two charge and integrated the U derivative along null infinity, gives me exactly the frequency dependence that I'm trying to extract. It gives me the order one part and projects out the Weinberg pole. And so I know how to evaluate this guy in S matrix elements using Freddy's and Andy's soft theorem. And then the fact that the ward identity holds is exactly the soft theorem. So I use the same thing happening at null infinity, future and past null infinity to get my two charges here. And I can show that there's a ward identity. So with Dan Capet's Slava Lysov and Andy, we use Freddie's soft theorem to show that this proposal for super rotations, which Barnett and others in Brussels were exploring, is actually physically relevant to the S matrix, which is cool. Good. So now let's take a step back and think about what this guy means for us. Okay, so we have now the Virasoro symmetry. And what does that basically let us do? So I can, instead of just doing my global Lorentz transformations, I can try to now have an arbitrary function y of z. So z being one of my stereographic coordinates on this celestial sphere. Now there is actually a phenomenology nominological realization of this type of symmetry, which you would see in jet physics via reparametrization of variance in soft collinear effective theory. So there, if I have a bunch of different jet directions, I would be able to, in my effective field theory, just describe this jet physics, have some sort of freedom in order like to basically independently boost these different jet directions. And if I wanted to play games with my Y of Z, I could go ahead and say, well, for any finite number of points, I'm going to construct a meromorphic function that matches the Lorentz transformations that I want to impose for each of those finite number of Jet directions. So there's an intimate connection between this type of symmetry that you're kind of, I guess, seeing by the subleading soft theorem and something that you might care about if you're doing jet physics at a collider experiment. But you can also, so this is like at the scale of collider physics. But if I wanted to jump to astrophysical stuff, now I want to think, okay, what happens when I basically send some angular momentum flux into different directions in the night sky? And I can go ahead and I can measure. So if we want to test not just the, I guess, particle physics relevance of this effect, but instead astrophysical one, I would try to go out and I would try to measure spin memory. So what is spin memory? I have some inspiraling binary system. And if it radiates angular momentum, that angular momentum flux will pass through my detector. And I want my detector to basically be like a SAGNAC interferometer. And so the angular moment flux through it, depending on the way you set up your detector, will basically cause a phase shift in some kind of rotating light beams going around. And if you wait a long time and you measure that overall phase shift, you've essentially done this accumulated measurement of time integral of angular momentum flux. So with Sasha and Annie, we found the observable that corresponds to this super rotation symmetry. So we have now the full, all three vertices of this IR triangle, and all three of them were basically 2014 on, which is kind of neat. So like this is like the power of this symmetry paradigm. So that's lovely. Okay. Also, if there's any questions, as I go really fast, and I'm excited about this, and I'm also like, yeah, I'm happy taking. Yeah, I have a question. So in the context of GR, there's still not a unique definition of angular momentum at infinity. So how would you go about setting this experiment in place? If we cannot even define angular momentum, how would you go and take a look at the same? So what this thing is, it's basically looking at other patches of the night. So you're using... So I imagine that the experiment is happening in some direction of the night sky compared to where my detector is. And I would want to basically have little rockets on my detectors to keep the interferometer ring, or I guess a triangle in this diagram aligned with reference points in the night sky. And then if I do that, then I'm basically forcing like when the angular momentum of flux is coming through to have this phase shift because I'm like not letting myself freely rotate. Otherwise, you could have a gyroscope type thing and see yourself rotate. Like, I mean, so I just, I need to basically be able to detect the amount of angular momentum flux and rotation that would be caused by one source as compared to other places. So I don't think I run into an issue about like global angular momentum being defined. I really can like, as long as there is some way to align my detectors, which like Bondi has a Bondi coordinate system, that's not necessarily ideal. But in practice, this is like looking at where like other reference points to make sure that your detector is kind of like not moving with respect to them. Oh, well, maybe we can talk later, but even if you choose Bondi coordinates, you have a problem in defining angular momentum uniquely. No, sure, but I don't have a problem, say, defining, like, if I have a ring, if I say my detector is a certain way and I use other points in the night sky to align them and keep that ring, I have no problems sending light beams one way around versus the other way around and measuring my phase shift. Okay. Right. So like, like there are like, like you can, you can, you can measure like the amount or in some sense too. So say I have a satellite and it's some sitting somewhere, like it can tell if it's rotated compared to something else. Like that's what I need for this. I don't necessarily. All right. Thank you. Yeah. Can I ask a question, taking advantage of the fact that Louise is also asking a question. So could you be a little bit more explicit about what is an application of the symmetry and what is an interpretation of results that you need full GR to compute? So let me just explain what I mean. So when people observe the signal at LIGO, for example, right, like Louise would compute, right?